HPCCHT3-5144: Add note for upgrade path. (#5595)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/configuration.md

    - Enable previous CPE versions or alternate 3rd party products (optional, done for each product release)
- SDU
    - Configure SDU via `sdu setup`

>     - If this an upgrade you can refer to or copy in the stored the backup you created in the [Preparation](preparation.md#3-save-system-state-before-upgrade) step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If this is an upgrade, you can refer to or copy from the stored backup you created in the [Preparation](preparation.md#4-save-system-state-before-upgrade) step.
```

Author: Ok done
